Raising proposal based on PR discussion for: Enhance KafkaBridge resurce with consumer inactivity timeout and HTTP consumer/producer parts enablement (#111)
strimzi/proposals: 072-kafkabrige-consumer-producer.md

* `http.producer.enabled`          - To enable/disable the HTTP producer part (enabled by default).

## Current situation

Properties are not yet supported in the Strimzi Kubernetes Operator.

## Motivation

Raised in the discussion here: https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/issues/8732 and triaged on 29.6.2023: We should enable the configuration of these fields. But how should the API look like? Should have a proposal to clarify the API changes.

## Proposal

This proposal suggests based on discussions here: https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/pull/9820 to add the http enablement for the consumer and producer in their respective sessions, i.e. `spec.consumer.enabled` and `spec.producer.enabled`, as well as `spec.consumer.timeoutSeconds` property.

Suggestion:

```yaml
apiVersion: "kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2"
kind: "KafkaBridge"
metadata:
  name: "test-kafka-bridge"
spec:
  replicas: 1
  image: "my-test-image"
  bootstrapServers: "my-cluster-kafka:9092"
  consumer:
    enabled: true
    timeoutSeconds: 60
    config:
      foo: "bar"
  producer:
    enabled: false
    config:
      foo: "buz"
  enableMetrics: false
```

## Affected/not affected projects

> Strimzi Kafka Bridge - PR raised for the HTTP Bridge to use the new ENV parameters introduced from the operator: https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge/pull/882

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strimzi Kafka Bridge - A PR has been raised for the HTTP Bridge to use the new ENV parameters introduced by the operator:https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge/pull/882
```
